Adnuntius Documentation (#3905)
prebid/prebid.github.io: dev-docs/bidders/adnuntius.md

pbjs: true
pbs: true
biddercode: adnuntius

> media_types: banner, video

Reviewer: while you are at it. Could you add those meta fields as well?

- `safeframes_ok`: true/false
- `multiformat_supported`: will-bid-on-any, will-bid-on-one, will-not-bid
- `ortb_blocking_supported`: true/partial/false
- `floors_supported`: true/false

See https://docs.prebid.org/dev-docs/bidder-adaptor.html#submitting-your-adapter for a full reference.

Author: Sure!

}]
```

### Passing no Cookie in Prebid Server request

> As a publisher you have the option to set no cookie in the device request to let Adnunntius adserver know not to set cookies in the client's browser. In order to fo that you just need to pass this in the request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a publisher you have the option to set no cookie in the device request to let Adnuntius adserver know not to set cookies in the client's browser. In order to do that you just need to pass this in the request:
```

Small typos.
